April Fool's Day as you may know gained
popularity in the United States in 1861
when Abraham Lincoln's wife filled his
top hat with squirrels
last night I encourage our viewers to
pull a prank on their loved ones and
upload that prank to YouTube with the
title hey Jimmy Kimmel happy April
Fool's many of you rose to the occasion
some of the pranks were ridiculous some
of them were ill-advised some which are
stupid but we put the best of them
together and here now are the fruits of
your Labor's America comes together to
celebrate April Fool's hey Jimmy I'm 32
weeks pregnant and I have a feeling that
my water is going to break the Xbox I
don't know he said he just messaged me
on the phone and said he had to sell it
today so we got to unhook it all exactly
what he said exactly
he said you won this prize from Legoland
he said and actually he actually said my
name yeah she said Sam my name he knew
my name
yeah good april fools
are you mad cuz I froze your cereal you
don't like it you sure you don't want it
it's just April Fool's Day the sink is
like being weird when you turn it on
before dammit
[Laughter]
no way what match three like amounts
20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 I think I
think it is submit claim form Bibles
claim forms supplied by Santa Claus
[Applause]
[Music]
work together we can make the world a
better place thank you to participating
[Music]